Here I am trying to implement the OTP verification for the Blog-App-JWT 2 backend app.

I have successfully implemented the OTP, User will be only able to log in after verifying his email address and OTP, till the User will be disabled.

But planning to do it with the Token feature, which is already given by Spring Boot and seems more reliable and secure, it does not allow anybody to expose users to any type of datas.

Also, want to implement a specific time deadline for Email verification.

I am also planning to add an updated email function.

may be our image function needs to implemented by byte[]
and that will help us to fetch from the db as well.

I am working on a function to create a unique token when new user will register, it takes their details and try to make unique 
token to an active account and that token can be sent through the email 

Now Implemented most of the code and after adding the controller function, I can test afterward and it sends me an email with se
secure token.

I have added some methods in the user controller to support Email verification.

I am gonna use the OTP function for the forgot password function.

I tried Otp function but it threw some error have to solve the error 

I am going to upload the code which will help me with my image creation.

Still trying to achieve implementation of update password function.

Also,, need to implement a function to upload and fetch images for posts and users as well.

needs to update forgot password function, and also to check whether it working or not

I am going to upload the code for forgetting the password.

I need to upload the code tomorrow.

I have implemented codes to support the forget password function, here Once users try to attempt to forget their password, 
the system will take their email and check in the system if they exist in the db or not. Afterward, if the user is in db then the user will get an email with OTP, 
which through they can reset their password.

I am unable to pass the user ID to the component where I'm trying to reset the password, have to find an alternative way to achieve that, 
After that, I will be able to reset the password.

Tried a different way, but even though it did not work out, the system might be throwing an Auth Interceptor is throwing an error 
due to security functions.

Auth Interceptor is stopping the request, and can not allow resetting a password, it changes the user ID into undefined. That is why Re-set password function is not
working.

will be implementing new logic to support the forgot password function. 

will be implementing the design in the front end, want to add some designing in home page. 

forget pass function is achieved,

now want to save the image into the db and then want to fetch it back from db in the angular
